Support for slots to get the full location instead of only the pathname. (#6063)
plone/volto: docs/source/configuration/slots.md

```ts
export function ContentTypeCondition(contentType: string[]) {
  return ({ content, location }: { content: Content; location: Location }) => {
    return (
      contentType.includes(content?.['@type']) ||
      contentType.some((type) => {
        return location.search.includes(`type=${encodeURIComponent(type)}`);
      })
    );
  };
}
```

The `ContentTypeCondition` helper predicate allows you to render a slot when the given content type matches the current content type.
It accepts a list of possible content types.

> It supports the `Add` form and is able to detect which content type are you adding.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It supports the `Add` form and can detect which content type you add.
```

##### Custom predicates

You can create your own predicate helpers to determine whether your slot component should render.
The `SlotRenderer` will pass down the current `content`, the `location` object, and the current `navRoot` object into your custom predicate helper.
You can also tailor your own `SlotRenderer`s, or shadow the original `SlotRenderer`, to satisfy your requirements.

> 

Reviewer 2: ````suggestion
```{versionchanged} 18.0.0-alpha.32
Now `config.getSlots` in the configuration registry takes the argument `location` instead of `pathname`.
```
````

```ts
export function ContentTypeCondition(contentType: string[]) {
  return ({ content, location }: { content: Content; location: Location }) => {
    return (
      contentType.includes(content?.['@type']) ||
      contentType.some((type) => {
        return location.search.includes(`type=${encodeURIComponent(type)}`);
      })
    );
  };
}
```

The `ContentTypeCondition` helper predicate allows you to render a slot when the given content type matches the current content type.
It accepts a list of possible content types.
It supports the `Add` form and can detect which content type you add.

##### Custom predicates

You can create your own predicate helpers to determine whether your slot component should render.
The `SlotRenderer` will pass down the current `content`, the `location` object, and the current `navRoot` object into your custom predicate helper.
You can also tailor your own `SlotRenderer`s, or shadow the original `SlotRenderer`, to satisfy your requirements.

> ```{versionchanged} 18.0.0-alpha.32

Reviewer 2: I can't count. LOL.

````suggestion
```{versionchanged} 18.0.0-alpha.33
````
